Test version 1.3.9 of JMRI/DecoderPro is available for download.Note:This is a test release.  Please post a note if you encounter any new or old bugs!  And please back up your JMRI files before installing this, in case you want to go back to an earlier version.New warnings:Some Windows XP users are still experiencing a problem saving the preferences. If you encounter this, please get in touch directly.There is no OS/2 version of this test release because our OS/2 test machine is no longer online.  If you have a suitable OS/2 machine and are willing to host our release testing, please let me know.If you are building your own copy of the program from the source code using Ant, please make sure to update the build.xml file. There have been some recent changes in the build procedure.Older warnings for the 1.3 series of test versions:These downloads are significantly larger than version 1.3.5 and previous.  This is due to the addition of a help system starting in test version 1.3.8.LocoNet sensor numbering has been changed starting in version 1.3.4! This will effect people who have panel files (.xml files containing panel definition) for LocoNet block occupancy sensors.  The sensor numbers now start with 0, not 1, so you'll have to edit the panel files to change e.g. LS0 to LS1, LS23 to LS24, etc.  This does not effect input via other (non-LocoNet) protocols, including C/MRI, NCE AIU, etc.  If you use LocoNet sensor numbers for the Speedometer, you'll have to increase them by one also.If you have pre-1.2.3 roster entries that use Zimo decoder definitions, you'll have to recreate them.  The Zimo decoder definitions have been completely reworked in a better organization starting with test version 1.2.3.Download links:Please use these links for downloading, including the "?download" at the end. That adds to SourceForge's advertising statistics, which makes them happy to host our stuff.MacOS X:      http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/jmri/JMRI.1.3.9.hqx?downloadWindows:      http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/jmri/JMRI.1.3.9.exe?downloadLinux:      http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/jmri/JMRI.1.3.9.tgz?downloadMacOS 8/9 "Classic":      http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/jmri/JMRI.1.3.9.Classic.hqx?downloadChanges since test version 1.3.8:XpressNet connection can now be made via an XPA telephone adapter & modem (Paul Bender)Tooltips can now be added to items in the decoder definition files. If present, they override the definitions in the programmer definition file.Phil Grainger added the Digitrax DH83FX decoder, and the needed 5th output function to the Digitrax "Basic" decoder definition.Robin Becker updated the Soundtraxx LC Steam and Diesel decoderdefinitionsWayne Eric provided a decoder definition for the MRC AD370 sound decoder.Ian Havercroft updated the version identification in ESU decoders so they successfully identify.Digitrax DZ123 definition added, with ident info courtesy Robert JohnsonJack Shall updated the Lenz 80 decoder file.DH163 can now do direct-bit mode programmingFix problem with creating two copies of roster entries, Bug 871882Allow multi-line comments in roster comment fields:  Dennis MillerNew NCE D13SR Torque Compensation decoder file from Michael MosherPanes from decoder files (but not programmer files) are active even if they contain no variables (Requested by Manhart Matthias)LocoNet Throttles were behaving poorly in version 1.3.8, with the speed slider not moving correctly.  Fixed.Fix problem with not prompting to save file when closing window after changing a speed table entry, bug 881556Better diagnostics if a LocoNet RMI connection (LocoNet server/client) fails (RFE 874488)Peter Brandenburg has contributed a new CT_Elektronik_Sound_GE_70_80 decoder definition file.Fixed bug 874472 causing DecoderPro not to have a LocoNet menu when connected via a loconet serverAdded size information to several more decoders. (Doesn't effect DecoderPro operations, but does appear on the selection web pages)Improved formatting of the throttle ID in the LocoNet Monitor (suggested by Glen Colbert)Added title to PowerPanel frame so that it's easier to find the iconLenz LI100/LI101 connection has improved timeout logic, so that it doesn't slow the computer at startupNew TCS M1 decoder definition from Eddie DelozierPaul Bender improved and extended the XPressnet configuration tools.Fixed a technical bug in the debug Programmer that would cause occasional intermittent test failures.Fix bug where programmer window would close even when close operation was cancelled during saveUpdated Ant control files to separate out development uses from the less-common functions, which improves build timeAdded sample scripts for a siglet and a simple automaton to the jython directory. Added PacketPro.bat for Windows. These features are still quite preliminary, as evidenced by a lack of documentation, and is certain to change.-- --------------Bob Jacobsen (Bob_Jacobsen@lbl.gov, 510-486-7355, fax 510-495-2957) Yahoo! Groups Links<*> To visit your group on the web, go to:     http://groups.yahoo.com/group/jmriusers/<*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:     jmriusers-unsubscribe@yahoogroups.com<*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:     http://docs.yahoo.com/info/terms/ 