Test version 1.3.12 of JMRI/DecoderPro is available for download.Notes:This is a test release.  Please post a note if you encounter any new or old bugs!  And please back up your JMRI files before installing this, in case you want to go back to an earlier version.Although there are many important items on the to-do lists, we also need a new production version.  Please test this version thoroughly, and post your results.  Unless new critical problems are found, this will become the new production version on April 6nd, 2004.New warnings for this test version:Older warnings for the 1.3 series of test versions:Panel files written by 1.3.11 and later versions may not be readable with versions before 1.3.0.  Older files will remain readable, but if you edit them with this version and then store them, you might not be able to read them if you go back to version 1.2.5.There is no OS/2 version of this test release because our OS/2 test machine is no longer online.  If you have a suitable OS/2 machine and are willing to host our release testing, please let me know.If you are building your own copy of the program from the source code using Ant, please make sure to update the build.xml file. There have been some changes in the build procedure during the 1.3.9 build.These downloads are significantly larger than version 1.3.5 and previous.  This is due to the addition of a help system starting in test version 1.3.8.LocoNet sensor numbering has been changed starting in version 1.3.4! This will effect people who have panel files (.xml files containing panel definition) for LocoNet block occupancy sensors.  The sensor numbers now start with 0, not 1, so you'll have to edit the panel files to change e.g. LS0 to LS1, LS23 to LS24, etc.  This does not effect input via other (non-LocoNet) protocols, including C/MRI, NCE AIU, etc.  If you use LocoNet sensor numbers for the Speedometer, you'll have to increase them by one also.If you have pre-1.2.3 roster entries that use Zimo decoder definitions, you'll have to recreate them.  The Zimo decoder definitions have been completely reworked in a better organization starting with test version 1.2.3.Download links:Please use these links for downloading, including the "?download" at the end. That adds to SourceForge's advertising statistics, which makes them happy to host our stuff.MacOS X:     http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/jmri/JMRI.1.3.12.hqx?downloadWindows:     http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/jmri/JMRI.1.3.12.exe?downloadLinux:     http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/jmri/JMRI.1.3.12.tgz?downloadMacOS 8/9 "Classic":     http://prdownloads.sourceforge.net/jmri/JMRI.1.3.12.Classic.hqx?downloadChanges since test version 1.3.11:Paul Bender updated the XPressNet algorithms for driving turnouts, with help from Marco ForconeFix a problem with the SE8 example file that kept the background from being visible. (Bug 928363)Randy Jones provided decoder ID for the BLI AC5 Cab ForwardLarry Meaney provided decoder ID for the Digitrax DN163K0b decoder